add docker commit (#11)
navarroaxel/navarroaxel.github.io: blog/docker-commit-convert-a-container-into-an-image.md

> # Docker commit: convert a container into an image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Docker commit: converting a container into an image
```

> We can convert a specific container into a base Docker image. It's not the recommended way to create images because these could include useless cached or session data. The easier way to control the data that it's stored into the Docker layers is using the `Dockerfile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can convert a specific container into a base Docker image, but that's not the recommended way to create images because these could include useless cached or session data. 
The easiest way to control the data stored in the Docker layers is using the `Dockerfile`.
```

> 🧠 Remember that a Docker image has a read-only filesystem based on layers and works as a _template_ to start containers in a preinstalled environment, and a Docker container uses this _"template"_ to run isolated applications into a virtualized run-time environment with a normal filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🧠 Remember that a Docker image has a read-only filesystem based on layers which works as a _template_ to start containers in a preinstalled environment, and a Docker container uses this _"template"_ to run isolated applications into a virtualized run-time environment with a normal filesystem.
```

> ## Do we need to use this to create images with non-root users?

Reviewer: optional: 
```suggestion
## Is this necessary to create images with non-root users?
```

> No, you can run commands with another users using the `Dockerfile` as well, you can see an example [here](https://dev.to/cloudx/testing-our-package-build-in-the-docker-world-34p0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, you can run commands with other users using the `Dockerfile` as well. You can see an example [here](https://dev.to/cloudx/testing-our-package-build-in-the-docker-world-34p0).
```

## Adding a port forwarding rule to a container

> Perhaps we are testing a random software with a container and we need to publish a port to the host OS, or to another computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can occur that we are testing a random software within a container and we need to publish a port to the host OS, or to another computer.
```

Author: ```suggestion
It can occur that we are testing a random software within a container and we need to publish a port to the host OS, or to another computer.
```

> We can't add a forwarding port rule to an already existing container, here is when `docker commit` comes to save us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that is the case, we can't add a forwarding port rule to an already existing container, so here is when `docker commit` comes to save us.
```

```
$ docker commit my_container my_image
$ docker run -p 8080:80 -it my_image
```

> And now we can access to the port `80` in the container using `http://localhost:8080` in the host OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can access to the port `80` in the container using `http://localhost:8080` in the host OS.
```

> We can use `docker commit` to attach new volumes to the container too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker commit` can also be used to attach new volumes to the container.
```

## The size is important

> Remember that it's a good practice to keep your docker images as minimalist as possible. Also the reproducible way to create and ship images is the `Dockerfile`.

Reviewer: Should't _docker_ be capitalized?

Author: Yep.
```suggestion
Remember that it's a good practice to keep your Docker images as minimalist as possible. Also the reproducible way to create and ship images is the `Dockerfile`.
```
